# Unity_Learning

## What is Unity?

Unity is a cross-platform game engine. A game engine is a software-development environment designed for people to build video games. They make things like
drawing 3D graphics, collision, loading 3D models, pictures, sounds, music etc easier.

## Cameras in Unity

Cameras are the devices that capture and display the world to the player. By customizing and manipulating cameras, you can make the presentation of your game
truly unique. You can have an unlimited number of cameras in a scene. They can be set to render in any order, at any place on the screen, or only certain
parts of the screen.

## Sprites and Game Objects

**Sprites** are basically 2D objects that have graphical images (called textures) on them, i.e. a graphical asset. **Sprite strips** are a set of sprites
that can be used for say graphical animations.

**Game objects** are the entities within the unity world such as a game. So we add game objects to a scene in unity and behaves within the context of the
unity world.

## General Rules on the Dimension of Sprites

As a general rule the dimensions of your sprite should be a power of two, i.e. width/height should be divisible by two for example 8, 16, 32, 64 are all valid.
The basic logic behind this rule is to help the graphics card run as smoothly as possible.

## Vuforia

Vuforia is an augmented reality software development kit (SDK) for mobile devices that enables the creation of augmented reality applications.

## Player Settings

The Player Settings (menu: Edit > Project Settings > Player) let you set various options for the final game built by Unity. There are a few settings that
are the same regardless of the build target but most are platform-specific and divided into the following sections:

## XR - Extended Reality

Extended reality (XR) is a term referring to all real-and-virtual combined environments and human-machine interactions generated by computer technology
and wearables. It includes representative forms such as augmented reality (AR), mixed reality (MR) and virtual reality (VR) [1] and the areas interpolated
among them. The levels of virtuality range from partially sensory inputs to immersive virtuality, also called VR.